Define a new tool for generating alert trees, and use it for MetalK8s (#3540)
scality/metalk8s: docs/developer/tools/lib-alert-tree/index.rst

``lib_alert_tree`` Python library
=================================

> This Python library serves as common grounds when composing Prometheus alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Python library serves as a common ground when composing Prometheus alerts
```

Author: Done
